So first of all, let's take care that when we close this modal,
the camera starts sending, so that it isn't kept on which costs resources and is not really
a good user experience.
It's easy to control, in feed.js
where we have this method to close the modal, close create post modal, here we simply have to stop
the camera stream.
So what I'll do is I'll simply check if we have the video player source object set which is only
set if we set a stream to it, then I want to access my video player source object, get all video tracks,
we use that before and for each, I want to stop it,
so I'll execute a function on each running track and I will set or call track stop.
Now that's the first thing,
now let me quickly bump up the static cache version to see if it works,
reload the application
and then open it again to activate.
Now we see we start recording, you can see it here on this tiny red recording icon, if I now close this,
it stops.
So this is now working as it should,
stopping the recording. Now the animation was a bit clunky there though,
that simply is due to the case that this takes a lot of resources and blocks the main UI thread for a
second, a quick fix is to use a timeout here
where we only wait for one millisecond and then we do actually animate out.
So there, we can then execute this animation
and now this should work, if we bump up that static cache version after moving
this transformation where we slide that down into that timeout with one millisecond,
if we set it up like this, let's again reload and reopen as you already know it,
if we do this,
now we should have a smooth animation again for closing it,
yes that looks much better. Now for opening it,
it's a bit clunky from time to time, sometimes it's nice, sometimes it's also clunky,
now let's fix that animation. There we can have a look at the open create post modal form and what I want to
do here is I'll wrap the animation into a timeout here too,
so for the same logic as before, to not run it simultaeneously with the other UI blocking threads,
add it there,
save this and bump up that cache version of course since we changed something.
Reload and reopen the tab as you know it and
now let's see if that works,
that looks better. Now with the animations fixed easily,
let's go back to offline geolocation. For that,
I'll really go offline by disabling my Wi-Fi
and now let me open this,
take a picture and get the geolocation.
Now I already get an alert that I can't fetch it,
that's good,
so now I can manually enter test, yes
thank you,
it comes back after a while,
so after the seven seconds, so we have to fix that. Here I'll enter a test in Munich
and now if I post this, it should be stored for syncing
and if I come back online by re-enabling Wi-Fi, it should of course synchronize this as it did in the
past.
So here it's working,
we got a network error here though.
Now I have an idea what went wrong there,
we did add a new post though,
the problem is this here probably because everything worked fine
including the image upload, I guess.
You can check this by simply reloading,
we got the test here,
so that did work.
Now the thing that failed is simply that rawLocation was null twice,
so when we tried to send this, we simply tried to access something which is null in the service worker.
So here in the sync event when we tried to append latitude and longitude in rawLocation,
that of course was null.
So what we can do is we can either add a check here or in the place where we get the geolocation and set
it to null,
we can also use zero here so that it is valid
and with that, it should work.
Now another issue with this was the alert here. The alert had the problem that we saw it twice because
it timed out after seven seconds
but it also threw this error immediately because it recognized yes,
you don't have an internet connection.
Now one thing we can do is, we can simply add a variable to control this, maybe here, variable sawAlert
is false initially, then here we simply check if sawAlert is true.
If it's not true, then we want to throw it again
and now set the sawAlert to true and we only want to show the alert inside there,
so we only show it once hopefully now.
So with that, let's quickly go back to the service worker, bump up the static version one more time,
reload our page and close the tab and reopen it to activate.
So now let's try this error again regarding the connectivity, let's turn off Wi-Fi, capture emit and
get the location, doesn't work,
that's good.
So test in Munich, test offline maybe
and now let's post the data
and go back online now
and this seems to work now.
So send the data, deleted that
and we also have it on the database,
test offline, let's confirm one final time if the images is there too,
there it is,
so that's looking good.
One other thing I noticed though, if we do is send something here, doesn't really matter,
we do send this, yes I haven't got the latitude,
so that's something we should also fix.
If I now reopen the modal, there is no capture button,
so we have to make sure we add the capture button again and we have to make sure that we have a default
implementation of the rawLocation with the latitude so that we don't get this error.
So back in the project and these should be the last issues to fix, here fetchedLocation can by default
be an object where we have latitude of zero or null, longitude of zero,
I also change the latitude and longitude to zero down there in our error handler for get current position.
You could use null too,
doesn't really matter whatever you want to use as a default,
could of course be a real address too.
And regarding the capture button we don't see,
for that we have to go to the capture button up there, to the open create post modal listener and make
sure we do see it or actually since we do all our initialization for the next time in the close listener,
we should go there, close create post modal, I should get the capture button here and set the style to
inline again,
so that with that, we make sure that when we close the modal, the button is definitely there again.
So with that, these should be the last changes, the last tiny fixes we need to implement to really
have a good project here,
let's now reload this to get a new service worker installation
and as you know, re-open it too and now with that, if we open the modal, take a picture, don't enter a location
but something here and something here and click post, it should store it for synchronization and eventually
do that
but if I reopen this, it now gives us the capture button again which of course is good.
Now in the last lecture of this video, I want to test test this on a real device.